what stricken it's Darien we're back
again and we're having fun with more
drinking today we're going to be doing a
Mickey's two pint glass Chuck I'm not
willing to do a 40 ounce chug quite yet
but so far I for one now we're gonna
pour in a second just to show you that
I'm doing to the same thing here and I
appreciate all the response I've gotten
so far obviously this is just for fun
drinking the fun things you drink to
feel good never I had one of these so
far as you can tell so I'm a little bit
more happy Hey okay it's time to drink
and have amazing fortitude of getting
the rook one man oh yeah here we go two
pint the last chunks of Mickey's so it's
not just one we're doing two as you saw
before I did it a 24 ounce jug that was
insane
this has been a refrigerator for about a
few hours I'm just babbling on right now
I'm trying to get the phone down Oh
all right here we go remember I know I'm
not the fastest here we go
how fast can you drink a beer part 12 I
guess no no the fuck it is December 3rd
haha oh my god it's cool number two I
can tell this is gonna be going out a
little sorry you go
ah oh my god man it's cold
holy crap where mama some of our best
performance but who the fuck cares right
we're drinking and having fun this
Friday so that's how you do it
piggies